01. Routine ("Definite Routine" section and "Ideal Routine" section. include a check box script)
02. Tasks ("To Do Next" Section, "This Week" section, "Done" section--or just check boxes? "Queue doable" and "confusing" tasks section). CSV. google sheets? 
03. Projects ("This Month" section, "This Year" section, "Longterm" section. "Queue doable" and "confusing" projects section)) 
04. Groceries and Items to Purchase
05. Upcoming Appointments 

07. Team Meeting Agenda
08. Medications (track what meds K has taken)
09. Calendar (could sych with google, work in progress)
04. Values
05. Work in Progress (to be organized,

== karl's thoughts in progress trying to comprehend categorizing things ==
Karl Personal
  - schedule / todo / checklists
  - raw data & scripts
  - thought organization, planning (values, projects)
Team
  - team meeting agenda
  - data reports?

Queue of Queues!  Queue Conveyor Belt!
Planning
  1 - INCOMING CONFUSING IDEA
  2 - NASCENT PROJECT / VALUE / GOAL

Action
  3 - DEVELOPED PROJECT / VALUE / GOAL
    - related documents
  4 - ACTIONABLE TASKS / ROUTINE ITEMS
    - routine items
    - task items
    - purchasing items
    - scheduling items

Projects/Tasks have 2 parts:
  - 
  - Planning them (determining what they are, what priority they are, what components they have, and when to do them)
  - Doing them (checking a box, organizing related documents in one spot)

== == ==

TIPS FOR ORGANIZING THAT KARL HAS FOUND USEFUL
- "In the annex folder is an example of one of the more recent todo-list techniques I was using.
Each task had its own folder I think, and each folder was named starting with a number that the computer
would always sort in the same way.  This allowed me to control what appeared at the top by changing the
number in front of an item.  I can even still now look right at the topmost item, which is easier for me
by far than trying to comprehend or compare multiple items at once, and go into the folder and work on
that item, or look at the next immediate one to see the next priority item.
When referring to these tasks in some other organizational system, like a schedule or a summary document
elsewhere, I would mention the complete name of the folder including the number, so that if my vision is
not working well I can use copy-paste in the computer to move directly to it without searching."

(Notes for Katie: we want a way of dividing tasks among team members, 
a section for "things to bring up at team meeting," a way of tracking 
what has and hasn't been done. Including a done file or section so that 
activities can get moved and celebrated. Establish a system for reviewing 
and prioritizing activities, setting a weekly activity schedule, etc. have 
a regular check in for reviewing how the system is working and how to review 
it--a weekly activity that never leaves the list and would go on the calendar.
The first thing we add to the system: schedule regular integration of other 
things and regular system review.)

Priority Queue: for tasks, each thing could have a priority. 00-99 (00 is highest priority, 99 lowest, 50 middle)
